Name: Aakash Chaudhry
Current Position: Co-Founder & Chief Mentor, AESL Founder & Trustee, Plaksha University
Education: Harvard Business School (OPM, Management)﻿ISB Hyderabad (MBA)
Bio: Aakash Chaudhry is the Co-Founder & Chief Mentor of Aakash Educational Services Limited (AESL). He leads the senior management team and is responsible for the overall supervision and direction of the company.Prior to AESL, he worked with top IT companies such as Infosys Technologies and Cognizant Technology Solutions, where he gained extensive experience in business management. At AESL, he follows his passion of helping deserving students and has been dedicatedly working towards providing focused and quality education across the nation through effective delivery channels.Aakash has transformed AESL into an established brand known for providing cutting-edge and niche educational services. He has been instrumental in putting in place new age systems that make operations more efficient, support and encourage skilled talent, leverage technological advancements & overall automation and follow agile marketing practices. This has ensured that Aakash classrooms - hybrid and digital - continue to evolve such that they are the best offering in the industry.He is the driving force behind the expansion of the company's educational services portfolio to IIT-JEE test preparatory services, foundation coaching services as well as digital learning programs.The Aakash group has investment from Think & Learn Pvt Ltd (BYJU'S) as well as by the world's largest Private Equity firm Blackstone.In 2018, Aakash was featured in Business World's '40 Under 40', a list of a most disruptive leaders young leaders in India Inc. He has also been adjudged the Most Promising Business Leaders of Asia 2020-21 by Economic Times.An alumnus of Harvard Business School, Aakash is an engineer by profession. He holds a bachelor's degree in computer science, and an MBA from the Indian School of Business (ISB), Hyderabad.

Name: Ajay Arora
Current Position: Managing Director, D’Decor Home FabricsFounder & Trustee, Plaksha University
Education: Harvard Business School (OPM, Business) ﻿VJTI (Textile Engineering)
Bio: Ajay Arora, Managing Director of D’Decor, has been in the family business since 1991. Back then the company was known as ‘Dicitex Industries’. Ajay has been instrumental in growing the company into an international brand - D’Decor - with his vision and business acumen. The company has achieved leadership position in the international and domestic markets and is currently the world’s largest manufacturer of curtains and upholstery fabrics.Ajay believes that one of the key drivers of success in today’s market is digital. Poised for growth in a digital economy, D’Decor has aligned its corporate strategy and digital initiatives to deliver winning customer propositions. As a pioneering move in the industry, D’Decor has successfully launched various digital assets that cater to both, the trade as well as the end consumer. From Computer aided Design & Manufacturing to enhancing the in-store experience, Digital is at the heart of D’Decor.Alumnus of the prestigious Owner President Management program at Harvard Business School, Ajay has also studied textile engineering from VJTI, Mumbai.

Name: Ambarish Raghuvanshi
Current Position: Co-Promoter and former CFO, Info Edge India Ltd.Founder & Trustee, Plaksha University
Education: XLRI Jamshedpur (PGDBM) ICAI (CA) St. Xavier's College (B.Com. Honours)﻿
Bio: Ambarish has been an Independent Advisor since mid-2014. He formerly served as the CFO and Head of Legal and Administration at Naukri Internet Services Pvt. Ltd. until 2014 and also as the CFO and Group President of Finance at Info Edge (India) Pvt. Ltd. Prior to joining Info Edge, Ambarish worked with companies such as Standard Chartered Bank, HSBC, and the Bank of America, where he assisted and advised corporates across a wide spectrum of the industries on capital raising and mergers and acquisitions. He has advised two companies that completed very successful IPO's in the last 5 years. He spends time helping start-ups scale as an angel investor. An avid reader he likes to read two books simultaneously, only printed books and mostly reads non-fiction.

Name: Ameet Kumar Gupta
Current Position: Whole Time Director, Havells India Ltd. Founder & Trustee, Plaksha University
Education: Delhi University (B.Tech, Electronics & Communication)Wake Forest University, USA (MBA)
Bio: Ameet joined Havells in 1995 post his MBA in USA. He focussed on making Havells technology savvy through collaborating with global companies initially and then developing an in-house Research & Development Centre.He believes in integrating manufacturing ethos with sustainability with an aim to give back to environment more than we source. Havells was the only Indian Electrical Company to be included in Dow Jones Sustainability Index since 2019. He is credited with Havells manufacturing more than 95% of its products in-house against industry norms of less than 50%.He is on the Board of Visitors, Business School, Wake Forest University.Ameet enjoys music, golf and travel.

Name: Anil Chawla
Current Position: Co-Founder & Promoter, Clix CapitalFounder & Trustee, Plaksha University
Education: Chartered Accountant (ICAI) ﻿B. Com(H)﻿
Bio: Anil Chawla served as an Assistant Vice President of GE Capital since April 1996 and within 3 years, was promoted to Chief Executive Officer - Commercial Finance, India in 1999. Mr. Chawla served as Chief Executive Officer - Commercial Finance, India & South East Asia since March 2003 and established a major presence in the commercial finance markets in India and South East Asia. He served as a Director of GE Capital Transportation Financial Services.He serves as Member of The ALCO Committee. Anil started his entrepreneurial journey when he acquired GE Capital, now known as Clix Capital along with Pramod Bhasin and Aion Capital. Prior to this, Anil was heading D.E Shaw India and was also the MD of GE India.He was voted as one of India's hottest young executive in 2002 by Business Today was recently featured as a Thought Leader for Robb Report Singapore. He is an active YPO member, avid marathon runner and cyclist.
Name: Anil Rai Gupta
Current Position: Chairman & Managing Director, Havells India Ltd.Founder & Trustee, Plaksha University
Education: SRCC, New Delhi (B.Com)Wake Forest University, USA (MBA)
Bio: Anil, under the mentorship of his father Late Shri Qimat Rai Gupta, led Havells transformation into the largest consumer electrical company. He was instrumental in deepening Havells reach into homes and leveraging technology, innovation and distribution network to deliver industry leading growth.Anil is on the Board of Trustees of Wake Forest University, his alma mater. He is also Founder and Trustee of Ashoka University.He has keen interest in cultural and historical conservation and believes in education as key change agent for an individual and his family.He loves singing, golf and travel.
Name: Anurag Goel
Current Position: General Partner at Cactus Venture PartnersFounder & Trustee, Plaksha University
Education: University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton School(BS-Econ, BAS, Finance, Accounting, Computer Science)
Bio: Anurag is the General Partner at Cactus Venture Partners, an early growth stage venture firm investing in consumer and technology start-up. He is also the co-founder & Chairman of Cactus Communications, a global science technology enterprise with operations across 10 countries. Anurag has 23+ years of deep expertise across strategy, M&A, technology & AI, and corporate development. As part of corporate development, his key interest areas are strategy, people management, D2C branding building, organization design, and leadership development. Anurag started his career in Amsterdam with McKinsey & Co. Anurag graduated from the Management and Technology Program with degrees in Computer Science and Finance from The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania.
Name: Apurva Parekh
Current Position: Executive Director, Pidilite Industries LimitedFounder & Trustee, Plaksha University
Education: University of Wisconsin at Madison (Chemical Engineering)
Bio: Apurva Parekh is the Executive Director at Pidilite Industries Limited. He has done his Bachelor's in Chemical Engineering from the University of Wisconsin at Madison and has been working in Pidilite Industries Limited since 1995. Apurva is closely involved in M&A, Strategy and Governance at Pidilite.
Name: Arjun Bhagat
Current Position: Chairman & CEO, Calibrated GroupFounder & Trustee, Plaksha University
Education: UCLA Anderson School of Management (MBA, Finance) IIT Delhi (B.Tech.)﻿
Bio: Arjun Bhagat is the Chairman of Calibrated Group, an investment partnership that builds and invests in off-shoring businesses out of India. He also serves as a partner in Marymount Investors, LLC, a $300M real estate investment firm he co-founded. Arjun was the President and Chief Executive Officer of R.M. Software India (Pvt.) Ltd. (RMSI). Arjun was responsible for the overall management and strategic direction of RMSI, and was personally responsible for building strategic customer relationships and opening offices in the U.K., Belgium, Japan, Canada and Australia.As the CFO of Risk Management Inc., a venture funded (Bain Capital and Sutter Hill) company, he led the spin-off of RMSI, a software and BPO company focused on the Geographical Information Systems space. Starting with 5 employees, he grew the company to a 800 person operation with an additional network capacity of 500 seats. In 1999, he negotiated the sale of the company to DMGI, the technology investment arm of the Daily Mail Group based out of the UK. Arjun currently sits on the board of - and is a major investor in - five privately held companies.
Name: Ashish Gupta
Current Position: Founder, Benori Knowledge SolutionsFounder & Trustee, Plaksha University
Education: Carnegie Mellon University (MBA)IIT Delhi (Mechanical Engineering)﻿
Bio: Ashish Gupta is the Founder of Benori Ventures. Benori aspires to fundamentally reduce the cost of knowledge on our planet. He has coined the term KPO (Knowledge Process Outsourcing) and founded the global KPO industry. He started his career with McKinsey where he served as an Engagement Manager and spent about five years with them. He received his MBA from The Carnegie Mellon University and B. Tech. in Mechanical Engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi.He recently graduated from the senior executive leadership program at Harvard Business School. He is one of the founders and trustees of Ashoka University and also serves on the board of TiE Delhi.
Name: Ashish Kacholia
Current Position: Director, Lucky Investment Managers Pvt LtdFounder & Trustee, Plaksha University
: Bio: Ashish Kacholia is the founder of Lucky Investments Managers. He is also a proprietary investor in the Indian equity markets. He started his career at Prime Securities and also had a brief stint at Edelweiss Capital before establishing Lucky.He holds a BE in production engineering from Mumbai University and an MMS from Jamnalal Bajaj Institute of Management Studies. Ashish is a keen golfer, music lover, and fitness enthusiast. His principal philanthropic interests include education, health care, livelihoods, wildlife, and sports.
Name: Brijesh Agarwal
Current Position: Founder & Director, IndiaMART InterMESH LimitedFounder & Trustee, Plaksha University
Education: NIILM (PGDBM) ﻿University of Lucknow (BMS)﻿
Bio: A vital part of the core management team, Brijesh has been the brain behind creation of a plethora of innovative products at IndiaMART. Possessing a very dynamic, intriguing and exciting leadership style, he is known for steadily introducing eclectic strategies aimed towards the growth of different verticals of the organization. Currently, Brijesh is spearheading Tolexo.com, a 100% subsidiary of IndiaMART, providing consumer shopping experience for the largest collection of products needed by businesses, factories, offices and laboratories.Being a relationship-oriented leader, Brijesh plays a key role in aligning people, and has provided the brainwave to many professionals to excel in their respective fields. A management graduate from the University of Lucknow and an MBA from National Institute of Integrated Learning and Management (NIILM), he is a sports lover, especially Cricket.
Name: CP Gurnani
Current Position: MD and CEO, Tech MahindraFounder & Trustee, Plaksha University
Education: NIT Rourkela (Chemical Engineering)﻿
Bio: An accomplished business leader with extensive experience in international business development, start-ups and turnarounds, joint ventures, mergers and acquisitions, CP led Tech Mahindra's transformation journey, and one of the biggest turnarounds of Indian Corporate History - the acquisition and merger of Satyam. His inimitable style of leadership, combined with his sharp focus on customer experience has helped Tech Mahindra emerge as one of the leading digital IT solution providers of India. In a career spanning 35+ years, CP has held several leading positions with HP, Perot Systems (India) Ltd and HCL Corporation Ltd. An outstanding people manager, CP has an entrepreneurial style of management that is a blend of enthusiasm and dynamism. He tends to focus on people's strengths to bring out the best in them. 'Work hard and play hard' is his motto and he applies it to all aspects of his life with complete passion.CP has also served as Chairman of NASSCOM for 2016-2017. He has also been felicitated with an honorary Doctorate degree by Veer Surendra Sai University of Technology.He has also presented his perspectives on "in the future" among the top 100 global CEOs as part of The Wall Street Journal CEO Council 2016. CP has been awarded the 'Best CEO of the year' three years in a row by Business Today.He strongly believes in promoting child education. He is an active member of the Tech Mahindra Foundation and also co-founded ?Titliyan?, an NGO located in Noida spreading smiles, happiness and education to more than 140 under privileged children.
Name: Dalip Pathak
Current Position: Special Limited Partner, Warburg Pincus LLCFounder & Trustee, Plaksha University
Education: Wharton School (MBA) University of Delhi (BA, MA in Economics)﻿
Bio: Dalip Pathak is a Special Limited Partner at Warburg Pincus. He joined Warburg Pincus in 1994 and has previously been both head of India and head of Europe for the firm. He remains engaged in India, and currently focuses on broader firm wide initiatives including sourcing cross-border opportunities. Prior to joining Warburg Pincus, He was with the International Finance Corporation (The World Bank Group). He is a member of the development board of The Francis Crick Institute, which will be the largest biomedical research centre in Europe, and is a member of both the Advisory Council of the South Asian Institute at Harvard University, and the EMPEA. Dalip also serves on the Board of Trustees of Asia House. He received a B.A. and an M.A. in economics from Delhi University and an M.B.A. from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania.
Name: Divyata Ashiya
Current Position: Partner, Just Transition CapitalFounder & Trustee, Plaksha University
Education: INSEAD (MBA) ﻿Amherst College (BA)﻿
Bio: Divyata is Chief Operating Officer for the Merchant Banking Division International at Goldman Sachs based in London. The Merchant Banking Division is responsible for private market/alternatives investments across private equity, infrastructure, credit and real estate. She rejoined Goldman Sachs in 2019 after working with a London based fintech start-up focused on financial inclusion and holistic financial portfolio delivery to customers of financial institutions and corporate pension funds. Prior to this, Divyata was based in Singapore as head of the client franchise for Goldman Sachs Asset Management across the region. She was Chair of the GS Female Managing Director Network Asia Pacific. She was also an active member of the United Nations Development Programme across South East Asia.Divyata has spent her international career in New York, Hong Kong, London and Singapore in leadership roles across transactional and fiduciary businesses. Divyata has a BA from Amherst College and an MBA from INSEAD. Divyata remains passionate about education and female leadership development, including in her home state of Rajasthan. She is a Fellow of the Second Wave Class of Aspen India's Leadership Initiative.
Name: Diwakar Nigam
Current Position: CMD, Newgen Software TechnologiesFounder & Trustee, Plaksha University
Education: IIT Madras IIT Delhi﻿University of Allahabad﻿
Bio: Diwakar co-founded Newgen in 1992. He is also a founding member of NASSCOM, India's apex Information Technology industry association. He was one of the members of NASSCOM's Anti Piracy Task Group. Prior to joining Newgen, he founded Softek and was associated with it for 12 years. Diwakar has been on the Board since April 1, 1993 and has more than 35 years of experience in the information technology industry. He is an alumnus of University of Allahabad, IIT Delhi and IIT Madras.
Name: Gagan Hasteer
Current Position: VP, Content Engineering, Netflix﻿Founder & Trustee, Plaksha University
Education: Wharton School (EMBA) University of Illinois (MS and Ph.D., Computer Science) ﻿IIT Delhi (B.Tech. Computer Science)﻿
Bio: Gagan is a technologist and entrepreneur with passion for innovation. He thrives in leading innovation and execution in a fast paced environment. In his 20 years of experience as a technology leader, he has built exceptional teams, delivered cutting-edge products and worked with customers to drive business objectives.
Name: Ganesh Ramani
Current Position: Partner, Goldman SachsFounder & Trustee, Plaksha University
: : 
Name: Gaurav Suri
Current Position: CEO, Arcesium LLCFounder & Trustee, Plaksha University
Education: University of Illinois (MS Computer Science) IIT Delhi (B.Tech. Computer Science)﻿
Bio: Gaurav Suri is the CEO of Arcesium. Gaurav was formerly a Managing Director and Head of Information Technology and Software Development for the D.E. Shaw group. From 1996 till Arcesium's launch in 2015, he focused on developing proprietary software associated with the D.E. Shaw group's investment management activities and building out the firm's software development operations in Hyderabad, India. He also oversaw the D.E. Shaw group's office in Hyderabad. Gaurav started his career in research at AT&T Bell Laboratories where his research interests included large scale reliable distributed systems.
Name: Gayatri Sondhi
Current Position: Private Investor, Multipoint Capital LLC Founder & Trustee, Plaksha University
Education: Harvard Business School (MBA) | University of Delhi
Bio: Gayatri is a private investor through Multipoint Capital LLC, a US-based family office. Until 2007 she was a Managing Director of Mavian Labs LLC, a venture capital partnership. Prior to co-founding Mavian Labs in 2000, Gayatri was a Vice President and Director in the New York office of Boston Consulting Group, a management consulting firm. Gayatri has almost thirty years of experience in working with organizations – big and small, high tech and low tech, as an advisor and an investor – to develop strategy and operate effectively. She has an abiding interest in emerging deep tech solutions and has supported successful start-ups in biotech and artificial intelligence. Gayatri is a graduate of Delhi University and holds an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.
Name: Harish Bahl
Current Position: Founder & CEO, Smile GroupFounder & Trustee, Plaksha University
Education: SDM College of Engineering & Technology(B. Tech., Computer Science)﻿
Bio: A serial entrepreneur who has successfully founded and built some of the leading e-commerce and digital media companies across Asia and other emerging markets. Founder of Smile Group, India-based Asian Internet Group, with extensive holdings in the consumer internet and digital media space. As a business builder, Smile partners with the best entrepreneurs, venture capitalists and global companies to build digital companies from scratch, expand operations and increase their footprint by rolling out internationally. In the past, it has partnered and built businesses with leading companies like AirBnB, WPP Digital, Ogilvy, Yahoo!, ScanGroup (Africa), and worked with top Silicon Valley and European investors.
Name: Hitesh Oberoi
Current Position: Co-Promoter, MD and CEO, Info Edge Ltd.Founder & Trustee, Plaksha University
Education: IIM Bangalore (MBA)IIT Delhi (B.Tech. Computer Science)﻿
Bio: Hitesh is a Co-Promoter, MD and CEO of Info Edge India Limited. Apart from the country's leading job site, Naukri.com, Info Edge also owns 99acres.com, Jeevansathi.com, and Shiksha.com and has investments in various internet startups like Zomato & PolicyBazaar as well. With over 20 years of experience in the internet industry, he is part of various industry forums. He is a charter member of the TiE, New Delhi and also the past Chairman of IAMAI. The Internet and Mobile Association of India.He is also one of the Founders and a Trustee of Ashoka University. An alumnus of IIT Delhi and IIM Bangalore, he won the Prestigious Ernst and Young Entrepreneur of the Year award for Business Transformation in the year 2008 along with his Partner. He has also been awarded the Distinguished Alumnus Award of 2019 by IIM Bangalore.
Name: Jai Rajpal
Current Position: Founder and CEO, Crescent Asset Management AsiaFounder & Trustee, Plaksha University
Education: IIM Calcutta (MBA) ﻿IIT Delhi﻿
Bio: Jai is the founder and CEO of Crescent Asset Management Asia Pte. Ltd, an investment manager based out of Singapore that runs a Global Macro hedge fund.Jai spent over 20 years in the fixed income trading business at Deutsche Bank, Lehman Brothers and Nomura, prior to setting up Crescent in January 2015.
Name: Kapil Agarwal
Current Position: Chief Architect & Founder, Upaya SolutionsFounder & Trustee, Plaksha University
Education: IIT Delhi (MS Computer & Mathematics)﻿
Bio: Kapil Agarwal has over 23 years of experience providing business and technology solutions with a focus on process development, reengineering and best practices. Since 2005, he has utilized his Enterprise and SMB applications skills to implement NetSuite to a wide array of companies in the software, manufacturing, distribution, education, healthcare and financial services industries. Before founding Upaya, he spent one year at NetSuite in Professional Services and five years at Oracle in various capacities as a Financial & Accounting Expert for Oracle Applications. Kapil continues to lead a course specializing in data relationships and database design at DeAnza College (California).He is an ex-Manorite (St George's College, Mussoorie, India) and holds an M.S. in Mathematics and Computer Science from Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Delhi, India Kapil enjoys biking and listening to music to relax.
Name: Kavita Iyer
Current Position: Managing Trustee, SIFF (Singhal Iyer Family Foundation)Founder & Trustee, Plaksha University
Education: IIM AhmedabadIIT Delhi
Bio: Kavita is the Managing Trustee of SIFF and drives the strategy and path for SIFF’s programs in Education and the Arts. She is also the Co-founder of Young Artiste, an online platform that aims to universalise Music and Arts Education. Prior to this, she was the co-founder and CEO of Minglebox a start-up in online education and part of the Tata Administrative Service where she was an early member of the founding team of Tanishq. Kavita is an alumna of IIT Delhi (Director’s Gold Medal) and IIM Ahmedabad and an avid Hindustani vocalist.
Name: Lalit Agarwal
Current Position: Chairman and Managing Director, V-Mart RetailFounder & Trustee, Plaksha University
Education: NMIMS (Financial Management)﻿
Bio: Lalit Agarwal is an Indian retail entrepreneur, the Founder & CMD of V-Mart Retail, which he founded in 2002. With V-Mart he pioneered the concept of value fashion retailing in Tier II, III and IV towns in India. Under his stewardship, V-Mart's footprint has grown to 275 plus stores across 19 states, delivering affordable fashion to more than 35 million customers annually. As a leading industry voice, Lalit holds the position of the Chairman of Retailers Association of India (RAI) as well as Chairman of Confederation of Indian Industry (CII)- Retail & FMCG for the Northern Region. He was awarded 'Retail Leader of the Year' in 2018 by the Indian Retail (Franchise India) as an acknowledgement of his visionary zeal and entrepreneurial success. He was a speaker at the World Retail Congress (WRC), 2019, the foremost annual gathering of the retail industry globally. In 2017, he was nominated to the Niti Aayog’s Champions of Change - an initiative by the Government of India. Lalit attended the renowned Owner/President Management Program at Harvard Business School. He earned his Bachelor’s Degree in Commerce from Bombay University, and a Diploma in Financial Management from Narsee Monjee Institute of Management Studies (NMIMS), Mumbai. Lalit writes a weekly blog on the dynamics and interplay of Leadership, Culture and Technology.He loves to travels and shares is experiences at lalitagarwalspeaks.com.
Name: Madhusudan Kela
Current Position: Founder, MK VenturesFounder & Trustee, Plaksha University
Education: Mumbai University ﻿(Masters, Finance & Financial Management Services)﻿
Bio: Madhusudan Kela is one of the most well-known and seasoned investors in Indian Capital Markets, with an extensive experience of over 27 years in both sell side and buy side investment mandates. He has skillfully played the role of Chief Investment Officer for over a decade, leading a team of over 40 investment professionals, and managing the Equity AUM portfolio of the largest asset management company (by total AUM) in India. Madhu has been profiled by leading Indian and International magazines, including the likes of Forbes and Asiamoney. His views are sought after by the leading business news channels in India including CNBC TV18, ET Now, Bloomberg, BTVI (all English), and CNBC Awaaz, Zee Business (Hindi).He is a regular panellist for sharing investment views, and opinion on a host of macro and thematic events. He has also hosted or been a panel invitee to major conferences including those organized by industry bodies like FICCI, CII, leading domestic and international institutions related to capital markets etc.
Name: Manu Gulati
Current Position: VP of Engineering, QualcommFounder & Trustee, Plaksha University
Education: Master of Science, UC Irvine.B.Tech (Electrical Engineering), IIT Delhi
Bio: Manu Gulati is a co-Founder and Head, Engineering at NUVIA Inc which was a very fast unicorn, bought by Qualcomm recently. Manu's past experiences include Google, Apple and Broadcom, among others. He is a B.Tech in Electrical Engineering from IIT Delhi and MS from UC Irvine.
Name: Mohit Thukral
Current Position: Founder & CEO, Vivtera Global SolutionFounder & Trustee, Plaksha University
Education: Harvard Business School (AMP) Punjab University (Bachelors, Economics)﻿
BIO: Mohit is the Founder & Managing Partner of Vivtera. In his last role, he was the Executive Officer and Business Leader at Genpact, leading the organisation's largest vertical (Banking, Financial Services and Insurance) globally, where he was responsible for shaping business strategy and aligning it to the future industry landscape, identifying key acquisitions and partnerships as well as managing growth, profitability and strategic client relationships. Mohit played a pivotal role in the transformation of GE Capital International Services (GECIS) to Genpact in 2005 and has helped achieve significant scale for the company's global businesses across North America, Europe, and Australia. An acknowledged industry thought-leader, Mohit has served as an elected member of the NASSCOM Executive Council where he spearheaded the task force on FutureSkills - an initiative to re- and up-skill the talent pool in light of the changing digital landscape. He is passionate about the education sector and is on the Global Corporate Advisory Board of edX.org; a non-profit online learning enterprise founded by Harvard and MIT.
Name: Monik Sameer Koticha
Current Position: Managing Director, Fortress GroupFounder & Trustee, Plaksha University
: Bio: Mr. Monik Sameer Koticha is part of the promoter family of ASK Group.Monik is also the managing director of Fortress Group (Family office of Sameer Koticha, Founder & Chairman of ASK Group) and oversee’s the investments in equity, real estate & private equity for the family office. He is an avid investor with a focus on bottom-up investments.He is also responsible to oversee the family & corporate philanthropic initiatives and is actively involved with several causes in the areas of Education, Housing & National Building.
Name: Mukesh Sharma
Current Position: Chairman and Director, Prometheus School Founder & Trustee, Plaksha University
Education: BITS (M.Sc, Information Systems)
Bio: As founding Chairman of the IB Continnum school, that offers Cambridge IGSCE and A-levels, Prometheus, Mukesh Sharma is on a mission to reimagine learning, bringing in holistic and affordable education to the country. The extended mission is to provide exposure and opportunities to the school children that have so far been an entitlement just for the affluent. Under Mukesh’s visionary leadership, the school has already crossed several milestones.Alongside Prometheus, Mukesh is also the founder CEO of QA InfoTech Worldwide (now a Qualitest Company), a software services organization focused on quality engineering since 2003. As a serial entrepreneur he has envisioned and bootstrapped several other initiatives including QAIT DevLabs, Perseverance IT Solutions, ItsCredible.com, EduLocker.com, AiTestBanks and Phando, providing a range of products and services, with a focus on commitment and excellence. Given that one of the domains QA InfoTech specializes in is education and learning, the transition to starting Prometheus was an innate alignment for Mukesh, leveraging the bests of both the digital acumen in the educational industry and his passion to drive the change in the educational sector.Within Affidabile Solutions, ValidateME (aka ItsCredible.com) and EduLocker platforms allows Organisations in issuing and distributing mass documents (verified credentials, certificates, badges, etc.) in one click, eliminate verification load, increase social media traffic, and provide a platform, EduLocker, to store all verified documents.Mukesh holds a Master of Science and Technology in Information Systems from Birla Institute of Technology and Science (BITS), Pilani, India, as well as a Master of Engineering in Engineering Management from University of Colorado, Boulder, USA. He is an avid golfer as well as a philanthropist who takes a personal interest in the organization’s CSR initiatives that covers a diverse set of causes including education for the underprivileged in India.
Name: Mukul Agrawal
Current Position: Founder Chairman, Param CapitalFounder & Trustee, Plaksha University
Education: Mumbai University ﻿Harvard Business School (Management & Leadership Program)﻿
Bio: Successful & leading capital market investor in India, having more than 2 decades of experience in listed as well as unlisted space. Being an avid reader, has in-depth knowledge on economy and politics and also from time to time advises leading corporates. He is associated with various reputed social institutions in the streams of health care and education.
Name: Natasha Malpani Oswal
Current Position: Creative Producer, Boundless MediaFounder & Trustee, Plaksha University
Education: Stanford University (MBA) University of Cambridge (M.Phil) ﻿University of Oxford (M.Sc)﻿
Bio: Natasha is a big believer in the power of storytelling. She is excited about telling high quality, authentic stories and working with talented creators and also loves building startups. She combines both worlds through her work. She runs Boundless Media, a creative house tells stories for a new India, that genre-bend shows and films that are locally rooted, and resonate globally. Natasha also writes poetry and hosst a podcast. Her first poetry book, Boundless, encourages a young India to find its own voice. She previously led Dice Media, a fast growing content house in India. She hired and managed the team, built our sourcing function from scratch, and produced several shows, including the first Netflix original- Little Things 3. Before this, she was an Investment Director for Big Society Capital, a $1 billion impact investing fund in London. As one of the company's first employees, she helped build and scale BSC's investment strategy, portfolio and team over four years.Additionally, she worked with a pan-European startup to launch an influencer marketing platform in Athens, and with a media startup accelerator in San Francisco. She holds an MBA from Stanford, At Stanford, she focused on media innovation, and worked on a media startup focused on helping non-native English speakers build their confidence and form a habit of speaking English in a real-world context. She also holds Masters degrees from Oxford and Cambridge, and briefly worked in cancer research.
Name: Navin Chaddha
Current Position: Managing Director, Mayfield FundFounder & Trustee, Plaksha University
Education: Stanford University (MS Electrical Engineering) IIT Delhi (B.Tech. Electrical Engineering)﻿
Bio: Navin is a serial entrepreneur turned venture capitalist. As a venture capitalist he likes partnering with entrepreneurs who want to change the way people work, live and play. As an entrepreneur Navin, co-founded 3 companies in my 20s, including VXtreme, which was acquired by Microsoft to become Windows Media and iBeam Broadcasting (NASDAQ:IBEM). As a venture capitalist Navin has had the fortune of championing entrepreneurs of over 50 companies in the U.S. and India, 17 of which have gone public and another 20 have been acquired. Some of his past notable investments include IPOs of Akamai (NASDAQ:AKAM), LYFT(NASDAQ: LYFT), Makemytrip (NASDAQ:MMYT), Persistent Systems (NSE:PERSISTENT), Rhythms NetConnections (NASDAQ: RTHM), Solarcity (NASDAQ:SCTY), and acquisitions of Brighter/Cigna, CloudGenix/Palo Alto Networks, CloudSimple/Google, Elastica/Blue Coat/Symantec, Gigya/SAP, Neopath Networks/Cisco, Pulse/LinkedIn, StorSimple/Microsoft, Wichorus/Tellabs and Zenprise/Citrix.He grew up in India, where he graduated from the Indian Institute of Technology in Delhi, and got his masters from Stanford University. He has been fortunate to be named as a Young Global Leader by the World Economic Forum and has ranked on the Forbes Midas List of Top 100 Tech Investors eleven times.
Name: Neeraj Aggarwal
Current Position: Chairman - Asia Pacific, Boston Consulting Group (BCG)Founder & Trustee, Plaksha University
Education: IIM Ahmedabad (MBA)Ohio State University (M.S. Computer Science) ﻿IIT Delhi (B.Tech. Computer Science)﻿
Bio: Neeraj is BCG's regional chair for Asia Pacific, which includes overseeing business in Australia, China, India, Japan, South Korea, and South East Asia. Prior to this, since 2015 he led the BCG India office. He has 20 years of experience with clients in the technology, financial services, and consumer sectors. Neeraj has worked with clients across geographies ranging across India, Europe, Southeast Asia, Middle East, and North America.In recent years, Neeraj has worked closely with sectors that have been at the forefront of considerable change in India. He has deep experience in driving transformative change in both large and ambitious mid-sized organizations. Neeraj has worked on issues including business strategy, salesforce effectiveness, digital disruption, operations excellence, and organization design. More recently, his work is focused on the impact of digital disruption across businesses.Neeraj is very passionate about using technology to leapfrog development and large-scale change in India. He has played a very active role in mobile payments and financial inclusion, leveraging his cross-industry expertise. Neeraj was a member of the firm’s global client service team, which focused on transforming BCG's engagement model with clients. In the past, he headed recruiting and operations at BCG in India.Neeraj has authored multiple reports across technology, media, and financial services. Over the years, he has worked with numerous committees associated with India's Ministry of Finance, Ministry of Telecom, CII, AIMA and NASSCOM. Neeraj is a frequent contributor to national newspapers and a speaker at leading conferences and seminars.Prior to joining BCG, Neeraj was a senior member of technical staff at Cadence Design Systems, an electronic design automation (EDA) company.
Name: Nitin Rakesh
Current Position: CEO & Director, MphasisFounder & Trustee, Plaksha University
Education: Harvard Business School (CEO Workshop) NMIMS (MMS, Finance) Delhi Institute of Technology (Computer Science)﻿
Bio: Nitin Rakesh, a distinguished leader in the IT services industry, joined Mphasis as its CEO & Director in January 2017.In the first year of taking on the mantle as the CEO of Mphasis, Nitin introduced Mphasis: C= X2C2 =1TM formula for success, (hyper-personalization; drive n=1 powered by Cloud & Cognitive); driving multi-dimensions of business value with an integrated consumer-centric Front2BackTM Digital Transformation, enabling Business Operations, Technology Transformation and Service Transformation, driven by IP assets.Prior to joining Mphasis, Nitin Rakesh was the CEO & President of Syntel (a NASDAQ listed IT Services Company). Nitin has a proven track record of delivering profitable growth at industry leading operating margins. Before he was appointed as the CEO, he served as President, Americas for Syntel, where he headed Business Development and North American operations. Nitin served at Syntel in various capacities between 2012 to 2016 and between 2002 to 2008.Nitin is an active member of various institutions globally, such as US - India Strategic Partnership Forum (USISPF) driving financial services council and business relations between US and India. He is also on the advisory board of the Knowledge at The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania?s driving digital transformation discussions at grass root level.Nitin holds a Bachelor's degree in Engineering (Computer Science) from Delhi Institute of Technology, Delhi University and has received his Master's in Management from Narsee Monjee Institute of Management Studies, Mumbai and is also an alumni of Harvard Business School?s CEO Workshop.
Name: Pankaj Chaddah
Current Position: Founder, ZomatoFounder & Trustee, Plaksha University
Education: IIT Delhi (Mechanical Engineering)﻿
: 
Name: Pramod Bhasin
Current Position: Chairman, Clix CapitalFounder & Trustee, Plaksha University
Education: ICAI (CA) ﻿SRCC (Bachelors)﻿
Bio: Pramod is currently the Chairman of Clix Capital, a financial services business, focused on providing digital platforms and financial services across India. He is also the Chariman of ICRIER, one of India's foremost Economic Research think tanks. He is also the co-founder of Asha Impact, a virtual social impact investment fund and advocacy platform. Previously, Pramod founded Genpact, an NYSE listed company, in 1997 and served as the President and CEO until 2011 and is considered the pioneer of the Business Process Management industry. He led GE Capital in India and Asia, with a 25 year career with GE in the US , UK and Asia. He has also built a Skills business across India. Pramod currently serves on several boards including DLF Ltd, as well as NGOs such as Help Age India, Vishwas, and Villageways. He serves as a Strategic Advisor to Kedaara, a Private Equity firm. He was voted IT Man of the Year, and has been the Chariman of Nasscom and TIE-NCR.
Name: Rajesh Sachdeva
Current Position: Founding Partner, Flowering Tree Investment ManagementFounder & Trustee, Plaksha University
Education: XLRI Jamshedpur (PGDBM, Finance & Marketing)﻿IIT Delhi (B.Tech. Mechanical Engineering)﻿
Bio: Rajesh has 20+ years of Asian Equities experience culminating in the founding of Flowering Tree Investment Mgmt Pte. Ltd (FTIM), in June 2008. FTIM manages an Asia focused long short portfolio with an emphasis on Return on Invested Capital and quality of management teams. Before FTIM, Rajesh co-founded Sansar Capital in 2005, In addition to FTIM & Sansar Capital, he has worked in senior buy side investing roles covering Asia at Kingdon Capital and Alliance Capital. He has also worked on the sell-side with a focus on Asia with Citigroup, Credit Agricole Indosuez, Natwest & ICICI Securities (JP Morgan India JV). Rajesh has had a passion for investing since a very early age.
Name: Rajiv Kuchhal
Current Position: General Partner, Exfinity Venture FundFounder & Trustee, Plaksha University
Education: IIT Delhi﻿
Bio: Rajiv is an active angel investor and mentor to multiple startups in the social enterprise and technology space. He is an Advisor and Board Member of many such companies. He is also a general partner at the Exfinity fund. Rajiv has spent more than 2 decades in IT/BPO industry, mainly with Infosys group. He led Infosys foray into telecom and product engineering services space in early 90s. He became one of the youngest Business Head and Management Council members at Infosys. He led Infosys foray into BPO as a founding team member of Progeon (now Infosys BPO). He was Chief Operating Officer of OnMobile and was part of senior management team instrumental in helping OnMobile scale as an organisation and consolidate its market leadership. Rajiv is a graduate from IIT Delhi.
Name: Rakesh Bharti Mittal
Current Position: Vice-Chairman, Bharti EnterprisesFounder & Trustee, Plaksha University
Education: Y.M.C.A. Institute of Engineering (PG Diploma, Electronics & Controls)﻿
Bio: Rakesh Bharti Mittal is Vice-Chairman of Bharti Enterprises, one of India's leading business groups with interests in telecom, agri-food business, financial services, realty, and communication & media devices. Rakesh is the Chairman of Bharti AXA Life Insurance, Bharti AXA General Insurance and FieldFresh Foods. He is also a Non-Executive Director of Bharti Airtel and Managing Director of Bharti Realty Limited. Rakesh served as the President of CII for the year 2018-19. He has been the Chair of several CII Councils and Committees at the National level. Rakesh has been awarded the Honorary Doctor of Civil Law Degree by Newcastle University, UK.He is a recipient of several awards including the prestigious Horasis Indian Business Leader of the Year 2016 Award (Internationalization), Institute of Engineers - Engineering Excellence Award 2004, and LMA - Entrepreneur of the year Award 1992. In 2019, the Satish Chander Dhawan (S.C.D) College, Ludhiana bestowed Rakesh with the Lifetime Achievement Award for his invaluable contributions in business, different areas of public interest, and nation as a whole.
Name: Rakesh Jaggi
Current Position: Sr. VP Sales & Commercial, SchlumbergerFounder & Trustee, Plaksha University
Education: IIT Delhi (B.Tech. Mechanical Engineering)﻿
Bio: Based in Houston, Rakesh Jaggi is the senior VP for Sales and Commercial at Schlumberger Oilfield Services, a position he assumed in May 2019. In the past, he has held several management roles including president completions from March 2017 to April 2019, vice president technology lifecycle management (TLM) from August 2015 to March 2017, vice president sustaining from March 2013 to July 2015 and president Schlumberger Well Intervention Services from January 2012 to February 2013. Rakesh began his Schlumberger career with field assignments in India, Trinidad & Tobago and Colombia followed by field management roles in Trinidad & Tobago and Mexico. He was then assigned to leadership positions including vice president of wireline operations in North and South America, vice president and general manager of Schlumberger India operations, vice president of well services in Middle East and Asia regions and global vice president of new businesses.A founder and trustee of the Ashoka University, he graduated in Mechanical Engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology-New Delhi and joined Schlumberger in 1992. He has a keen interest in sports especially cricket, table tennis and golf. He is keen on Indian music in general (particularly gazals) and Indian poetry too. I believe in team-work and nothing pleases me more than seeing a team of individuals with different backgrounds, cultures, ways and beliefs work on a project and always come up with something much better than anyone individually on the team would have. I am sure Plaksha will demonstrate this too. Besides, on the personal front presently, Anuradha, my wife, and I are grappling with the challenges of keeping up with the dynamic music tastes of our two daughters and adapting to an empty nest!
Name: Rimy Oberoi
Current Position: Director, Centre for Employability ResearchFounder and Trustee, Plaksha University
Education: Tata Institute of Social Sciences, Mumbai (MBA)
Bio: Rimy is passionate about building employability solutions. Currently, she is Director, Centre for Employability Research, a Not for Profit aimed to build and deploy innovative models for improving employability in India. It collaborates with Educational Institutions in the implementation of these innovation models. She also volunteers as Chair at TiE's Young Entrepreneurs Program (Delhi NCR Chapter).She believes that students are primed for learning through application and that currently, 75 percent students coming out of the existing education system are unemployable. Through her work she is creating an "application based" learning methodology that will complement classroom teaching. She has spent a large part of her professional career developing solutions to alleviate this problem.She completed her education from the Tata Institute of Social Sciences, Mumbai (HR & LR). Rimy has over 24 years of extensive experience in FMCG, Product IT and IT- Services. She has been associated with organizations such as HUL, Adobe India and Oyster Learning.
Name: Sachit Ahuja
Current Position: Managing Director, Tillman Global HoldingsFounder & Trustee, Plaksha University
Education: Harvard Business School (MBA)The Wharton School (BS, Economics)
Bio: Sachit Ahuja is a Managing Director at Tillman Global Holdings, an owner-operator of digital infrastructure businesses, where he leads Investments and Strategy for the firm. Sachit is a co-founder and board director of several of its portfolio companies, including Tillman Infrastructure, Tillman Digital Cities and Tillman Networks. Previously, Sachit worked at the Raine Group, a merchant bank focused on TMT, Sports and Entertainment. Sachit holds a Bachelor’s degree in Economics with concentrations in Management and Finance from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania and received his MBA from Harvard Business School.
Name: Saurabh Mittal
Current Position: Chairman, Mission HoldingsFounder & Trustee, Plaksha University
Education: Harvard Business School (MBA) ﻿IIT Delhi (BS Electrical Engineering)﻿
Bio: Saurabh Mittal is a self-made billionaire entrepreneur and investor with a hands-on strategic value-add approach. He is the Founder and Chairman of Mission Holdings, his private global investment holding company. Mr Mittal partners with world class entrepreneurs going after multibillion-dollar opportunities and helps them achieve massive scale with both capital and strategic value add. Some of his portfolio holdings include ONE Championship (Asia's largest sports media property with a global broadcast to 1 billion potential viewers across 118 countries), Incedo (a US$100m data and analytics company with 2,000 employees), BSI Financial (a substantial Fin-tech player in the multi-trillion dollar mortgage industry), SelfScore, and many other companies across a wide spectrum of industries and geographies. Prior to Mission Holdings, he was a senior partner at Noonday, an affiliate of Farallon Capital Management, one of the world's largest hedge funds where he was responsible for large public and private investments in the areas of Financial Services and Technology, Media and Telecom (TMT).Mr Mittal also was a Founder of Indiabulls, India's leading financial services and real estate conglomerate, and through the partnership with Farallon, helped the business achieve massive scale and success. Mr. Mittal holds an MBA from Harvard Business School where he graduated as a Baker Scholar. He holds a BS in Electrical engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology in Delhi where he was the Best Graduating Student. He is also a member of multiple boards including the Harvard Business School Alumni Board and Paarivar, a leading charitable organization running India's largest residential school for destitute children.
Name: Srikanth Velamakanni
Current Position: Co-Founder, Group Chief Executive and Executive Vice Chairman, Fractal Founder & Trustee, Plaksha University
Education: IIM Ahmedabad (MBA) IIT Delhi (BS Electrical Engineering)﻿
Bio: Srikanth Velamakanni is the Co-founder, Group Chief Executive and Executive Vice Chairman of Fractal. Fractal is a leading player in the artificial intelligence and transformative enterprise decision making space. Fractal’s mission is to power every human decision in the enterprise and to use the power of AI to help the world’s most admired Fortune 100 companies. Since Srikanth co-founded Fractal in 2000, the company has raised more than USD 300 million from institutional private equity investors. Fractal serves more than 100 Fortune 500 companies with its AI, data and analytics driven business strategies. Under his leadership, Fractal has developed several product lines within the company including Cuddle.ai, Eugenie.ai and Qure.ai. Srikanth is the Chair of the board of Qure.ai, a leading healthcare AI company that's playing a pivotal role in diagnosing and treating diseases like Tuberculosis and Covid-19. A member of the NASSCOM Executive Council Srikanth serves as a subject matter expert on data and AI. His passion for AI and analytics has made him a thought leader in the space and an admired public speaker. Srikanth considers himself a lifelong student of mathematics, behavioural economics, neuroscience and consumer behaviour.
Name: Suchitra Lohia
Current Position: Member, Board of Directors and Deputy Group CEO of Indorama Ventures PCL (IVL) Founder & Trustee, Plaksha University
Education: Harvard Business School (OPM) ﻿Delhi University (Bachelor of Commerce)
Bio: As one of the founders of IVL, Suchitra Lohia has played a hands-on role in the growth of the world’s leading intermediate petrochemicals manufacturer since its inception in 1990. Suchitra chairs the global Corporate Social Responsibility Committee and is the Chairwoman of the IVL Foundation, a non-profit organization focused on creating positive impact for children, women and the environment.  At present, she is spearheading several strategic transformative initiatives that are designed for businesses to achieve their full potential. She is also driving the ONE IVL Branding exercise to culturally integrate the diverse IVL family and has recently taken up role of lead sponsor for Global Communications.
Name: Sujeet Kumar
Current Position: Co- Founder, Udaan.comFounder & Trustee, Plaksha University
Education: IIT Delhi (B.Tech. Civil Engineering)﻿
Bio: Sujeet Kumar is a co-founder of udaan. He founded udaan in 2016 with Vaibhav Gupta and Amod Malviya, who were both former senior executives at Flipkart. Prior to founding udaan, Sujeet was President of Operations at Flipkart where he built operations, supply chain and logistics which accounted for more than half of Flipkart's sales. He was instrumental in setting up the backbone of the distribution network of ecommerce in India.
Name: Sunny Singh
Current Position: Partner, RoundGlass	Founder & Trustee, Plaksha University
Education: Montana State University (Dual M.S.) IIT Delhi (B.Tech.)﻿
Bio: Sunny (Gurpreet) Singh has a vision for the world — that all of humanity embrace Wholistic Wellbeing while helping their communities grow and taking care of the planet. His vision extends to corporates as well: That each corporate take charge of a single (or more) societal problem and work on it until all the problems in the world have been solved — because this is why corporates exist and this is what they do best.Sunny walks the talk — he has taken ownership of many societal and environmental problems and is investing in impact initiatives in the field of sports (RoundGlass Sports) and sustainability (RoundGlass Sustain) focused on action for the good of the individual, community, and the entire planet. To this effect, he has set up a world-class football, hockey, and tennis academy and acquired RoundGlass Punjab Football Club to inspire Indian kids and youth to play.He founded RoundGlass in 2014 to enable and empower communities and individuals on the path of Wholistic Wellbeing through technology-enabled solutions and apps, expert-led content, and by providing access to the world’s best teachers and experts. Sunny also wants to transform the prevailing reaction-based approach in healthcare to one that’s proactive and focused on prevention, in addition to treatment.He has designed RoundGlass in such a manner that it is self-sustaining. RoundGlass’s commercial services — our corporate wellbeing solution, apps and collectives, and practice management platform RoundGlass Cross — fuel its social impact initiatives. These are RoundGlass Sports, which is grooming the next generation of sporting talent in India and giving every child in Punjab a chance to play, and RoundGlass Sustain, which is taking to the world a media-rich digital encyclopaedia of Indian biodiversity. Then there is the RoundGlass Foundation, which aims to restore wellbeing to 12,500 villages in Punjab, India.Sunny’s story is one of perseverance and hard work — and the success that comes when you follow your passion and put your heart and soul in it. Sunny grew up in a lower middle-class family in Punjab, India. His father was a sportsman, one of the best Indian hockey players at some point — something he achieved through sheer effort and that has always served as an inspiration for Sunny. Sunny now lives in Seattle in the US with his family.After working with companies such as Expeditors International and Microsoft, Sunny became an entrepreneur in 1996 with Edifecs, now a market leader in the global healthcare technology space that is improving the ways healthcare organizations manage and leverage the information they exchange. With RoundGlass, Sunny turned entrepreneur for the second time. He also earned epithets such as philanthropist, visionary, and Wholistic Wellbeing champion.Sunny believes that everyone should have access to Wholistic Wellbeing or wellbeing across dimensions — physical, mental, financial, social, community, and planetary, and more. The path to Wholistic Wellbeing includes everything from meditation, yoga, physical exercise, social interactions, food, working for the community, the planet, etc.Sunny feels the universe has been kind to him and has put him in a special position to be able to do what he loves. So, with RoundGlass, he decided to give back what he’s received from the universe. The journey of life, according to Sunny, is the journey of wellbeing. RoundGlass is an instrument of change that seeks to empower everyone on this life journey of Wholistic Wellbeing.
Name: Ursheet Parikh
Current Position: Partner, MayfieldFounder & Trustee, Plaksha University
Education: Wharton School (MBA) IIT Bombay (B.Tech)﻿
Bio: Ursheet co-leads Mayfield's Engineering Biology investment practice where Mayfield invests in companies transforming human and planetary health. Ursheet also invests in Enterprise IT infrastructure companies. His investments in engineering biology and healthcare include Mammoth Biosciences (CRISPR), Mission Bio (Single Cell Sequencing, Oncology), Qventus (Healthcare AI), Endpoint Health (New treatments for ICU), Nēsos (Immunology, Neurology) and an unannounced company in precision diagnostics for maternal and fetal health. His investments in the enterprise IT sector include include Versa Networks (Security and SD-WAN), ShiftLeft (Application Security), Rancher Labs (Cloud Computing platform acquired by SUSE), CloudGenix (SD-WAN platform acquired by Palo Alto Networks) and Netsil (Application Observability platform acquired by Nutanix). Prior to Mayfield, Ursheet had an operating career as a proven repeat entrepreneur and executive at Cisco and Microsoft. Ursheet was co-founder & CEO of StorSimple - the leading cloud-integrated storage company that was acquired by Microsoft in 2012.  Ursheet holds an MBA from the Wharton School and a Bachelors in Computer Science from the Indian Institute of Technology in Mumbai, from which he received the Young Alumni Achiever award in 2015. Ursheet is passionate about accelerating healthcare innovation and transforming college education where his family foundation is focused.
Name: Vikrant Bhargava
Current Position: Managing Partner, Veddis VenturesFounder & Trustee, Plaksha University
Education: IIM Calcutta (MBA) IIT Delhi (B.Tech. Electrical Engineering)﻿
Bio: Vikrant Bhargava is the Managing Partner and Founder of Veddis, a multi-asset investment company. He was previously co-founder and Marketing Director of PartyGaming Plc, where he spearheaded the company's growth from a startup in 2000 to a FTSE 100 business at its IPO on the London Stock Exchange in 2005.After stepping down from PartyGaming, Vikrant has been an active investor and mentor to technology start-ups, while also building a geographically diverse, real estate investment business at Veddis.Vikrant tries to spend approximately half his working time on philanthropic activities. In addition to supporting multiple high impact initiatives via the Veddis Foundation in the UK and India, Vikrant is passionate about transforming high school children’s relationship with STEM. In 2018, he founded FIRST UK (FIRSTUK.org), a high growth organization that aims to equip the next generation with the technical knowledge and core life skills needed to tackle tomorrow's challenges using robotics.He is also the Chairman of Founders Pledge, an organization that works closely with entrepreneurs to help maximize the impact of their giving.He is an alumnus of the Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi (1994) and Indian Institute of Management, Calcutta (1996).
Name: Vineet Nayyar
Current Position: Former Executive Vice-Chairman, Tech MahindraFounder & Trustee, Plaksha University
Education: Williams College, Massachusetts (Masters, Development Economics)﻿
Bio: In a career spanning over 40 years, Vineet has worked with the Government of India, international multilateral agencies and in the corporate sector (both public and private). Vineet started his career with the Indian Administrative Service and held a series of senior positions, including that of a District Magistrate, Secretary, Agriculture & Rural Development for the Government of Haryana and Director, Department of Economic Affairs, Government of India. He has also worked with the World Bank for 10 years in a series of assignments as the Chief for the Energy, Infrastructure and the Finance Divisions for East Asia and Pacific. He was the founding Chairman and Managing Director of the state-owned Gas Authority of India Ltd (GAIL) and has served as the Managing Director of HCL Corporation Ltd., and as the Vice Chairman of HCL Technologies Ltd. He was also a Founder and Chief Executive Officer of HCL Perot Systems. Vineet was awarded the Ernst and Young - Entrepreneur of the year [Manager], for the year 2013.
Name: Vivek Khare
Current Position: Advisor, Corporate Development and Early Stage Investment, Naukri.comFounder & Trustee, Plaksha University
Education: IIT Kanpur (M.Sc)﻿
: 
Name: Vivek Vaidya
Current Position: Founder and General Partner, Super{set} Venture StudioFounder & Trustee, Plaksha University
Education: University of Denver (MS Computer Science) IIT Delhi (M.Sc. Mathematics & Computer Science)﻿
Bio: Vivek Vaidya is a serial entrepreneur and technology leader who has built industry leading technology companies in enterprise software, data management, analytics, and machine learning/AI over the last 25 years. Currently, he is the Founder, General Partner, and CTO of Super{set}, a startup studio that funds, and builds data driven technology companies. Prior to forming Super{set}, Vivek was the CTO of Salesforce Marketing Cloud having joined Salesforce via the acquisition of Krux, a mar-tech platform that he co-founded with Tom Chavez in 2010. Before Krux, Vivek served as the CTO of Rapt, a provider of software for media monetization acquired by Microsoft in 2008.Vivek holds an MS in Mathematics and Computer Applications from the Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi and an MS in Computer Science from the University of Denver. While at IIT-D, he was an early member of the team at Parsec Technologies, the first company to build and market Interactive Voice Response systems in India. Vivek lives in San Francisco with his wife Pallavi and son Viplav and is a co-author of Data Driven: Harnessing Data and AI to Reinvent Customer Engagement, published in 2018.
